Comrade Joo Gyeok-chan.
You were fearless and worthy of the Order
of Military Service Honor you got.
I was instructed to come here
to send you back to the North safely.
I'm Kang Cheong-ya, the Chief of Surgery
at Hankuk Central Medical Center.
And I'm also known as Moran Hill 1
in our country.
Moran Hill…
The one awarded the Hero of the Republic?
I apologize. I should have recognized you.
I provoked you on purpose
to fool the others,
so don't worry.
Lim Soo-ho! Can you hear me?
Lim Soo-ho. You and I may
believe in different things in different
situations, but we want the same thing.
You want your men's safety,
and I want
the hostages' safety.
Now,
the director of the Agency
for National Security Planning
desperately wants to talk with you.
Pick up the phone!
You can hear me, right?
Let's talk it out! Please!
-Those bastards.
-Lim Soo-ho!
They wiretapped us, and what? Talk it out?
They can hear me, right?
Actually, the ANSP director told me
to check the party's instructions,
so I took you here to check them with you.
Lim Soo-ho.
If you kill any of the students,
you'll be disobeying
orders from the North.
We agreed to send you back to the North
safely in ten days, so check right now.
You bastard! Check the instructions first!
He hung up again!
Stop provoking him!
Hello?
They're not answering?
Check them.
It has been the basics review homework--
"Reached an agreement with the South."
"Not to kill any hostages."
"Guaranteed to be sent back in ten days."
Will we really be able
to go back alive in ten days?
Last time we were ordered
to cooperate with them, we almost died.
-So from my point of view--
-Your point of view?
Since when did you start
questioning the instructions?
Comrade Lim Soo-ho.
The failure to abduct Professor Han
is all on you.
And because of you,
all of our agents on our ship
were killed.
Your new mission is to go back alive
after keeping the hostages for ten days.
Making a contribution
to make up for your failure
is what you need to do from now on.
I understand.
Look.
You should feed the students.
They haven't eaten for days.
She's right.
And Mr. Kim's blood sugar is too low.
Let's do that.
Well, then I should
go make some rice balls.
What ingredients do we have?
Sausages and some tofu…
I should fry them
and cook some doenjang soup as well.
Go back.